hello and welcome to bro duel I'm Dom
and I'm with standing and welcome to
today skyrim mod spotlight today we'll
be featuring three mods and to start us
off we have the alder wins winged mud
the only way to get the wings is to
craft them so hate to any forge and look
under the dragon category there are two
versions of the wings light and heavy
the only difference between the two is
the armor rating the heavy one has 13
and the light has 9 both why 5 so the
only advantage to wearing the light
version is if you like armor perk trees
of a higher level both of the wings take
a mixture of leather strips leather
dragon bone and dragon scales craft and
you'll need one dragon bone in one
Dragon Scale to upgrade them the wings
are completely standalone and use copies
of the texture used on elder wings wings
so the original wings won't be changed
in game they can both be enchanted to
add whatever stats suit you and in the
video you can see them being worn with
ebony armor set first and the daedric
armor set second we prefer them with the
daedric armor as the outfit has a
slightly darker feel to it next up we
have the Undercity
an entirely new city located deep
underground the city's above-ground
entrance can be found to the west of
Whiterun and it looks like a normal cave
entrance but with a red flag waving on
top the city itself is huge with over 30
different houses and rooms however the
city was mainly designed as a merchant
city there's a total of 11 different
merchants all selling items from their
own speciality for example the merchant
tools are war sells weapons and armor
the merchants in the city will also be
carrying more gold than usual merchants
but not too much to be law-breaking
however the creator also hints that
merchants may be hiding unique items in
their home the Undercity also includes
several different structures including a
library two training rooms a mine a
fountain and a prison which will be sent
to you if you get caught committing a
crime by one of the under cities guards
there are plenty of other NPCs hanging
around too but right now they're mostly
there for show until the Creator assigns
them a quest which he plans to do in
later updates for such a large-scale mod
to be made by a single person the mud is
very clean and feels like an altogether
well made mud that we definitely
recommend if you want a new place to
explore or a new city to live in
finally we'll leave you with a small mod
that makes a change to the sitting
animation of women in Skyrim the
original sitting animation is somewhat
manly and the name of this mod is to fix
that problem as you can see the one on
the left is a new animation and the one
on the right is the vanilla version
the change in animation can be hard to
see if you're wearing loose-fitting
clothes like the mythic dawn robes but
as you can see there's a notable
difference when your character isn't
wearing any armor it's a great addition
to Skyrim and it helps achieve a higher
level of realism in game and that's it
for today's episode over the next few
hours we'll be keeping our eyes in the
comments for suggestions for tomorrow
spotlight thanks for watching